- [Narrator] Does delivering software at a rapid pace
make you a little uneasy?
There's so much in the stack.
Docker,
Jenkins,
Kubernetes.
It just seems like you're asking for a failed release
and we all know how pleasant those are.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I can show you how GitOps
can help deliver cloud native applications on Kubernetes
at the pace your organization demands
without the operational issues
that get everybody upset.
GitOps is a new way of working
that infuses Git into the center of a DevOps approach.
This allows you to deliver changes to your system faster
without sacrificing stability.
In the course, we'll do a lot of hands-on work
with new GitOps tools like Flux,
Argo CD,
and Terraform.
I'll show you how they can be combined
with your existing practices
to build a GitOps workflow.
Once you've tried it,
you'll never want to go back to the old ways
of delivering software.
So join me in my LinkedIn learning course
to get started on your GitOps journey.